flysystem for ImageFacade::copyImages and FileUpload::postFlushEntity is unified (#851)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-unreleased.md

There you can find links to upgrade notes for other versions too.

## [shopsys/framework]
### Application

> - `ImageFacade::copyImages` was fixed to use correct filesystem endpoint for storing temporary image files ([#851](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/851))

Author: it is like introduction to the instructions

>     - check the use or extensions of this class

Author: i dont know. would it be better somethin like ? `check whether you extended this class or use it in your project and make sure it is OK from the view of this Pull Request` ???

        - `src/Shopsys/ShopBundle/Resources/scripts/frontend/promoCode.js`
        - `src/Shopsys/ShopBundle/Resources/views/Front/Content/Order/PromoCode/index.html.twig`
    - dump translations using `php phing dump-translations` and fill in the translations based on the changes from pull request
- check whether you extended class or method `ImageFacade::copyImages` or used it in your project and make sure it works like you intended ([#851](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/851))

>     - *(low priority)* remove `/var/www/html/var/cache` folder from your `@main_filesystem` filesystem storage if exists, defaultly set as local filesystem storage in path `%kernel.project_dir%`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *(low priority)* remove `/var/www/html/var/cache` folder from your `@main_filesystem` filesystem storage if exists, set as local filesystem storage in path `%kernel.project_dir%` by default
```
